/*
I have done all the coding by myself and only copied the code that my professor provided to complete my workshops and assignments.
Name: Gregory Rodriguez
E-mail: grodriguez13@myseneca.ca
Student #: 127880227
*/

Workshop 7: STL Algorithms

1. copy data from a file into a sequential container
An example would be my custom constructor for a CovidCollection.

2. use the numeric library to accumulate data values
In the display function there is an implementation of accumulate to retrieve the total number of cases and 
deaths. local variable for countryCases and countryDeaths also use this implementation, but with a ternary
operator to evaluate if the country parameter is "ALL" or specific to a country.

3. use a lambda expression to specify an operation on each value in a data set
I'm going to assume the data set is everything in the parenthesis. One example is line 54 of
CovidCollection.cpp I use a covid object within the data set. I use for_each to iterate through
the collection of covid objects to display information about the covid object via our << (insertion?)
overload.

4. use the algorithm library to sort data values
line 72 (CovidCollection.cpp)there is an implementation of a sort function. Within it I create a variable and assign a
bool to it with. Since the values of country could be the same for different covid objects, I use the
std::tie function to select two attributes and create a tuple. Essentially, for example, if country is
same the user can evaluate the deaths to see which is greater/lesser. I implemented the algorithm sort
that sorts a range of elements in a collection.

List all the STL Functions used in the workshop and explain.

- accumulate() was used to add all the cases and deaths either globally or specified country
- for_each() to perform an operator on every element in the CovidCollection
- sort() to compare and sort covid objects within the collection when comparing deaths
- any_of() iterates through a collection if there is any element in the collection that
meets the condition within the lambda function
- copy_if() to copy the elements in our covid collection into a list where the conidtion within the
lambda is met 
- transform() iterates through the covid collection and alters severity where
deaths(attribute) meets a certain condition